I heard Interpol arrested
the last of Sahar's
splinter group. Her
organization destroyed.
Phineas's mom?What did he do now?
Phineas introduced himself
to me this morning.
Phineas doesn't know about my
custody battle with his father.
[grunts]Who is Sahar? Where is she?
She goes by Sarah.
She's got a kid.
What's the kid's name?[grunts]
Phineas.
McGEE: We think she moved in next door
to lie in wait
for Ziva to come back.
Phineas was used
to get close to you.
If something happens to her,
I'll be alone.
PHINEAS:
Jethro Gibbs?
Are you there?
[crying]: Promise me
you won't let her get hurt.
[gunshot]
[phone ringing]
Ziver.
Did I wake you?
No.
Did you tell him?
[sighs]
Yeah.
Is he all right?
No.
[exhales]
Let me come over.
Perhaps I could be
of some help with...No.
No, we're good.Are you sure?
I could bring...Ziva, go to Paris.
See your family.
You've waited long enough.
Gibbs.
I don't know what to say.
Nothing to say.
It's okay, really.
[phone beeping]
Hey, uh,
got another call coming in.
No, wait. Gibbs, uh,
listen to me. I-I...I got to go.
Take care of yourself.
Gibbs. No, no, no, wait.
Wait, I just...
Gibbs.
Jack.
Hey. I wake you?
No.
I haven't been able
to go back to sleep
since you called last night.
Let me come over.
Uh, no. No.
I'm good.No, you're not.
And Phin's not.
He'll need psychological care,
Gibbs.
[sighs]
All right, fine.
Come on over.
Gonna check on him anyway.
[knock on door]
[door opens, closes]
Did you get caught
in traffic?I told you
I couldn't sleep.
You want me to go up with you?
No. No, I do not.
Make yourself some coffee.
I got this.
[knock on door]
Hey, Phin?
Phineas?He's got to be here
somewhere. Phineas!
Hey, Phineas!
I don't see his backpack.
He dumped his books.
He took clothes.
SLOANE:
And however much was in here.
Hey.
Okay. Let's not panic.
He can't have got far on foot.
I'll call...I'll call 911.
I'm calling McGee.Local PD can start searching
a lot faster than we could.So what, Jack?
So call 911. Call everybody.
We need everybody.
♪
SLOANE:
You watch.
He's gonna turn up any second.
He can't get far on foot.
That's the tenth time
you've said that.
Well, it bears repeating.
Just like this park.
This is the third time
we've driven past it.We used to play
catch here all the time.
Did Phin say anything last night
that might have suggested
where he would go?
Nothing.
Nothing obvious, maybe,
but think. Gibbs.
How did he react
when you told him about his mom?
How do you think he reacted,
Jack?
I don't know.
You tell me. Did he cry?
Well, hell yes, he cried.Okay, and then what?
He... Like, denial? Anger?
After he cried,
what happened then, Gibbs?
He got scared, okay?
Why do bad things
always happen?
They don't, Phin.
Yeah, they do.
My aunt not
wanting me anymore.
Your aunt?I used to live
with her and my uncle
when I was little.
What about your dad?
Did he kill my mom?
No.To get to me?
No, he did not.
Mom says he's crazy.
Do I have to go live
with my dad now?
Not gonna happen.How do you know?
How did my mom die?
Oh, Gibbs, I'm so sorry.
What happened then?
He kicked me out.
He said he needed some space,
some time alone,
so I gave it to him.
And now he's gone.
[phone rings]
Yeah, go, McGee.
You got both of us.
We're still at the house.
We got a BOLO out
to every local agency,
complete with photo.
Yeah. What we need
are more details.
Like, what was he wearing?
Mm-hmm.
Gibbs, his clothes?
Jack, how the hell do I know?
Last night, it was pajamas.Hey.
They're just trying to get
more information, okay?
Boss, his backpack. Do you
remember what color it is?
Uh... blue.
No.
Purple, maybe.
I-I don't know. I-I don't...
I'm sorry. I don't know.
Hey, hey,
is-is Torres over there?
McGEE:
No. He, uh,
he couldn't bear to stay.
He went out searching
on his own.
He's got a thing
about lost kids.
Yeah, don't we all.
BISHOP: So, obviously,
no sign of him, huh?
No, not yet. We're driving past
all the places that Phin went
with Gibbs.
The-the playground,
the softball field,
the ice cream shop.
Uh, school's opening soon,
so we're gonna
head over...I-I-Ice cream shop.
I dropped him off
at a friend's house nearby.
Friend's name was
Harry. Harry or, uh...
Herbie.[tires squealing]
Can we help you?
Hey, you're Harry, right?
Hurley. You're Phin's friend?
NCIS. Special Agent Sloane.
Jethro Gibbs. Phin's friend.
You know where he is?
Who? Phineas?
Why? What happened?
At the moment,
he's missing, ma'am.
That's terrible. Is Sarah okay?
Oh, no.
What is it?
She didn't hit him, did she?
What would make you say that?
I don't know.
I-I hate to gossip.
But?But...
something's just
off with her.
She's moody, distracted,
barely nice enough.
Never comes to PTA. Always
somewhere more important to be.
Hey, Hurley, honey?
You sure you don't know
where he is?
Uh, i-is Phin's mom really dead?
What? What?Where'd you hear that?
I promised I wouldn't tell.
Yeah, but, um, Hurley,
we need to find him
so we can help him.
You understand that?
[exhales]
Phin woke me up this morning
wanting to buy my bike.
He's on a bike?I offered to lend it to him,
but he was afraid he wouldn't
be able to bring it back,
so he wanted to
give me the $14
he'd saved up.
Wait, is Sarah r-really...?
I'm afraid so, ma'am.So I gave Phin my bike.
And don't get mad at me, Mom.
I felt sorry for him.
GIBBS:
When was this?
Where was he going?He didn't say.
I'm sorry. It was real early.
Still dark out.He's on a bike.
Which can take him a long way.
Thank you.
Talk to me.BOLO's been updated
to include an orange
and yellow mountain bike.
Try pinging
his cell phone again.I did.
Been trying every ten minutes.
It's likely
that Phin took out the SIM card.
Guess he learned a few things
during his visit here.
Okay, Amber Alert's
updated, too.
The police have
checkpoints all over.
There's no way we
won't find him.
Unless he's in hiding
or he's being held someplace.
Okay, but let's not jump to
worst-case scenarios just yet.
Why not? It doesn't get
much worse than this.
He's nine years old.
He's out there on his own.
Even without some
crazy-ass father
we know nothing about!McGEE:
Boss,
given what we now know
about Sahar,
Phin's dad may not
be crazy at all.
Find his dad!
Now!
[exhales]
I have never
seen him this bad.I'm sure few have.
He's pushing us away.
Hurting in such
a big way right now.
But he had no choice
in killing Sahar.
He knows that, right?Yes,
but he also knows that he left
a boy he cares a lot about
without a mom.
It's not his fault.
She used her own son as cover.
None of which
matters to him.
He's beating himself up,
and if anything happens
to this kid,
it's just gonna get worse.
[indistinct chatter]
JIMMY:
Agent Gibbs.
I, uh...
You're back.
We heard about...
Uh, are you okay?
JIMMY:
As you can see,
I haven't started yet.
Virginia State Police only
just gave us jurisdiction
a couple hours ago, so...You can skip cause of death.
I know what killed her.
JIMMY:
Right.
Copy that.
I'm sure there's plenty more
her body can tell us.
[quietly]:
There's got to be.
We need something to tell us
where Phineas went.
Anything?
Gibbs, if it's there,
we'll find it.
We promise.
Where to, Gibbs?Where's Victor?
We cut him loose yet?
The club owner? Yeah, we had to.
He lawyered up.
He's the only one who knows
anything at all about Sahar.
Let's go pay him a visit.I'll go. You stay here.
Whoa, whoa, whoa. What?Hey, the team needs you.
I'm better off alone.No, no, no, you're not.
Hey, Torres!Gibbs, don't give me
this lone wolf stuff.
All right?
Nobody's better off alone.
If there's a kid out there,
you either take me along,
or you fire my ass right now.
Come on.
Damn!
Double damn!
Ah, what the hell?
You again? Joe!
[grunting]Oh, all right. Slow down.
Slow down! Not the nose!
[choking]
Sahar. What else do you know?
[choking, wheezing]
Nick.
[gasps, pants]
Look, I already
told you all I know.
Where is the kid?Ah. It's not my turn to watch
him. Go ask his mother.
She's dead. You
want to join her?
What? S-Sahar is dead?
That's big news.
I-I didn't know.
And I sure don't know
where the kid is.What about the dad?
What about him?
I don't know him.
[straining]:
All right, look.
I know that I lied
to you guys before, but...
Yeah, you've lied
quite a few times.[phone rings]
But I'm being honest.Yeah, Bishop.
[Victor choking]Uh... hey.
I don't know anything else
about Sahar!
[choking continues]Is that Victor?
Apple Pie says "hi."
[sighs]What do you know?
Pedestrian reported seeing a kid
on an orange and yellow
mountain bike,
corner of Maple Street
and Tenth.
We'll alert Maryland
State Police and, uh...
Maple and Tenth. Let's go.
Uh... hello?
Saved by the bell, Victor.
[gasps]
[coughing]Oh, yeah.
A lot of good you are.
That sounded perfectly legal.
What sounded perfectly legal?Nothing. Uh, anything
new on Sahar?
Just background stuff.
Born in Palestine
to British parents,
educated in London,
radicalized post-9/11.
What about Phin's dad?Mm-mm.
Still nothing. No record of any
custody battle involving Sahar.
She lied about everything else,
so why not that?
I'm thinking more and more,
Phin might not even be her kid.
Nothing from the P.O.W. camp?
All I've confirmed is that
Sahar spent 11 years there.
And just one month
after she escaped,
Eli David's farmhouse
was blown up.
But Sahar clearly knew
Ziva survived the blast,
or none of this would be
happening now.
Excuse me.
Uh, where are
you going, Jack?
We need more.
Someone to fill in the blanks
on Sahar's prison time.
You know someone?
Uh, Vance might know.
I managed to scare off
a few delivery guys,
but no orange and yellow bike.
All right.
Let's keep circling.
Man, I still can't believe
how this woman got us.
How she fooled us, man.
I should have seen it.
Ishould have.Oh, come on, man.
Not just you.
She used her
own kid as cover.
That's not even fair.There.
No. "Fair." Not even fair.
No. There. There!
On the bike.
[grunts]
[guttural gasping]
Mind if I join you?
This is Hurley's bike.
But not Phin's backpack.
Let me guess.
You're a doctor?
Those ain't mine, man.
I found that backpack
in a dumpster.
Come on.[groans]
[grunts]A few things I miss
about police work.
Dealing with idiots
like you is not one of them.
Where'd you get the bike?Don't say you found it, either.
No. That I actually bought.
Just a little while ago,
some kid.
What kid? Where's the kid?!
Bus station
on Willow!
He was maybe nine, ten.
Said he needed money
for a bus ticket,
so I gave him 20 bucks
for the bike.
Give this clown to the cops.
Meet you at the bus station.
And I'll beat you there.I'm riding with you.
No, you're not. I got
all the help I need.
I'm not asking.
Do you really want to spend
time arguing about this?
Hey, don't! Just take her!
So much for Paris.I called McGee
to say goodbye and, uh, he
told me where to find you.
I know how much this
boy means to you, Gibbs.
Paris can wait.
Okay. Thanks, Nick.
Keep us posted. So,
they found the bike,
but no Phineas.Why? What happened?
Well, he didn't say, but they're
chasing another lead now,
along with Ziva.I told her
Gibbs didn't want company.
Yeah, like she'd listen?In that case, maybe we should
all be out there searching.
We've already got every possible
agency with the exception
of the-the Boy Scouts of America
out looking for this kid.
Was Vance not helpful, Jack?No, no, he was.
His contact in Damascus
confirmed
that Sahar did give birth
in prison,
but the baby was sent
to an orphanage in Aleppo.
And no mention of paternity?Not a word.
And none of which
helps us find Phineas.Maybe not, but this might.
What do you got, Kase?A pendant Sahar was wearing.
I thought it was just jewelry.
Looks innocent enough.
Not so innocent?Not when I cracked it open.
It's a GPS receiver.
Nothing fancy.
Like the kind that finds my
keys when I lose them every day.
I can't imagine
Sahar knew about it.
She, of all people,
would never want to be tracked.
And-and it wasn't just her.
This design. This is two pieces
of a friendship pendant, right?
Exactly. There's another half
to that heart,
and someone else is
out there wearing it.
Like the father?Or Phineas?
Any chance we can
reverse engineer it,
find out who's
doing the tracking?
Mm, that's a long shot.
Maybe, but I'm working on it.
WOMAN:
Sure, I saw him.
Cute kid.
Wanted a ticket to Philly.
Of course,
I couldn't sell it to him.
Why not?No unaccompanied minors.
I think he said something
about his aunt meeting him here,
so I told him
to come back when she does.
Is he still here?MAN: No!
You got it all wrong, Maureen.
Lenny, stay out of this, please.
Yeah, but that's not
what the kid said.
You're talking about that kid
that sold his bike, right?
Keep talking.Yeah, him. He said
he was going to visit
his aunt inPhiladelphia.
When Maureen said no,
he gave money to some hippie
girl to buy his ticket for him.
I'm pretty sure
they got on the same bus.
Where's the bus to Philly now?Left about 20 minutes
ago, and it's a local.
Should be pulling into
Silver Spring pretty soon.20 minutes.
15 on my bike.Call Silver Spring,
tell 'em to hold the bus.
Got a runaway on board.
Oh. Oh, my.
NowI'll stay out of this.
[sighs]
It's gonna be all right, Gibbs.
The boy and the bus will be
waiting when we get there.
You'll see.
Come on. Talk to me.
I hope
you're not blaming yourself
for any of this.
Yeah? Who else you got?
Me. I brought this upon you.
And for that, I'm sorry.
That's me.
Me. I'm sorry.
Sorry I didn't see
what was right in front of me.
Sorry I brought this kid
even into my...
That you ever let him
into your heart?
Is that what you're gonna say?
We have suffered
more broken hearts
than most, Gibbs.
Enough to make us afraid
to ever open them again.
[sighs]
[tires screech]
Phineas?!NCIS.
Yeah, yeah,
I just got your text.
It's not like I take calls
while I drive.
Whose kid are you looking for?
Phineas?! Have you
seen this kid before?
Have you seen this kid?
Hey, have you seen this kid?
Oh, hey, you mean Phin?You've seen him?
Yeah. I bought him a ticket
to see his aunt.
Cool kid.
Doesn't say much.Which way did he go?
He went to get a soda.
He'll be back.
What is it?Block the back exits.
Phineas!
Who is it you're looking for?
The kid who just
got off that bus.
We didn't see him, Gibbs.
Well, yeah, he was here.
I saw him leaving
a minute ago.
He left?With his ride.
They drove off in a van.
I assumed it was his father.
KASIE:
As you can see, the bus station
surveillance system was
state of the art
when disco was king.
No, I need a clearer picture
of his face,
or the van's license plate,
or both.
Given the resolution,
I can try...Kasie, get it done.
Uh, hey, Gibbs.
Did Kasie show you the pendant?
It's a GPS tracker
Sahar was wearing.
Does it look familiar?
No.
Should it? Who-who
was tracking her?
Still working on that.There'd likely be
another half of this heart
out there somewhere.
Maybe on Phineas?
Well, if so, it may explain
how this creep got to him
before you did-- we.
Before wedid.
No, you had it right
the first time.
I want to know
if that creep
is Phineas's father or not.
Hey, let's check with the team,
let Kasie get back to work.
SLOANE:
Thanks, Kasie.
It'll all work out, Gibbs.
I promise.
Huh.
So, how are you?
You okay?
Stop asking me that.
No.
No?
No!
No. I've got you and Kasie
and Ziva and everybody else
worrying about me,
asking how I am.
Forget me.
Nobody ask me about me
until we find that kid.
You got that?
Hey, I get
that you're upset...Turn that back on.
...but you need to stop
snapping at people.
You-you turn that back on.No.
We're all just trying
to help you,
and you're not letting us.
Hey, look at me.
Take a deep breath. Okay?
In through your nose.
[inhales deeply]
Out through your mouth.
I'll breath later.Right.
After we find the kid. Got it.
Come on.
[inhales]
[exhales]
"We'll see."
What's that?Nothin'.
Not nothing.
You said, "We'll see."
It's the last thing
I said to Phineas, Jack.
Do you know
what happened?
Your mom got too
close to bad people.
Someday you'll understand that
better than you do now.
So what, then?
What's gonna happen to me?
Where will Igo?
You don't have to worry
about that now.
But I have to.
Phineas?With my aunt?
Phineas...My dad? Where?
Can I stay with you?
We'll see.
"We'll see"?
When my mom says that,
it always means no.
All I had to do was say yes,
he'd still be here.Of course
you couldn't say that.
I just killed his mom!And the last thing
that he needed
was you to make a promise
that you couldn't keep.
Yeah, maybe.No. I know.
I also know you need
to let yourself off the hook.
[softly]:
Hey. Come here.
Come here.
After we find Phineas.
[takes deep breath]And we will.
Miracles happen.
Ha. Not lately.
Wish she could have
given us more.
This woman could
only take.
I haven't seen Gibbs
this shaken up since...
well, since youdied,
frankly.
Or pretended to.
He put on a brave front,
but... it crushed him.
Crushed us all.
I feel like
I'm apologizing a lot today.
That's not why
I'm telling you that.
If anything,
I'm just happy to have you
back among the living,
finally get a fresh start.
I cannot help to wonder if
the living will have me back.
Or if...
Tali will even recognize me.
What? Of course she will.
Ziva, Tony would never
let her forget you.
I texted Tony
after Sahar was killed.
To let him know
that they were safe.
And, uh...
still no response.
I hate that.
If Breena doesn't return
my text right away,
I immediately picture her
trapped under a pile of rubble,
her cell phone
just barely out of reach...
Wh-Which is not at all
like your situation,
but we...[phone ringing]
Oop. Speak of the devil.
Oh, it's not Breena.
It's Torres.
He wants
another update.
Still out there,
looking for that van.He does seem
rather obsessed.Yeah.
I am not surprised.
Nick broke up
a child trafficking ring.
This is years ago,
he was still undercover.
But it really
messed with his head.
That would explain it.
Yeah, he doesn't like
to talk about it.
What?
[chuckles]
You are still everyone's
favorite confidant.
Oh... [laughs]
I don't know about that.
I mean, if I am,
I'm not a very good one.
I mean, I just told you.And I will say nothing.
Because you, Jimmy,
are a great
and loyal secret keeper.
And a true friend.
Not the right time. Please.
[both laughing]
Look, we are just
as frustrated, Gibbs.
I mean, whoever
Phin's father is,
he must be off
the grid completely.
So, all of those
custody battles...
Were likely an excuse
to search for Ziva
and do other bad things.
This aunt Phin told
everybody about, from Philly.
He also mentioned an uncle.
We found no living aunt.
But we can search for an uncle.
There has to be a connection.
Welcome back, Gibbs.
How are you?
You doing okay?
Hey, Leon, any more word
from Damascus?
That's why I'm here.
My contact found a worker
at the American embassy there
who just might have
a story to tell.
Jack, Gibbs, MTAC.
Let's go.
Before we speak,
I must be assured
that Sahar is absolutely dead.
Well, we can't
drag her body up here,
but we can
send you pictures.
She's no one to joke about, sir.
Yeah, we know.
How'd you know her?
I once worked at a P.O.W. camp,
where I observed her
from a safe distance.
Then you know
she had a child.
Any idea who the father is?
That would be Ahmet,
the lead guard.
They had an arrangement
until Sahar became pregnant.
She thought bearing his child,
little Fahim,
would gain her privileges.
But instead, little Fahim was
sent to an orphanage, correct?
Yes. This part you know.Yes. That had to hurt.
So severely that when she
escaped years later,
she stabbed Ahmet
through the heart.
Many times.
And the baby?
I only know rumors.
Missionaries took many children
from the orphanage
as the war intensified.
They say Fahim ended up
in the American
foster care system,
and that is where Sahar went
to find him.
So, Fahim became Phineas,
and this aunt must be
a foster parent.
I still have some contacts
at the adoption agency.
Maybe they can help us
locate the foster family.Yeah. Go, go.
So, where'd you pick up
these rumors?
Perhaps I've said too much.
Why? Who are you
afraid of now?
[door closes]
Ahmet has a brother.
A Libyan gangster
named Hassan Sayegh.
He put up a bounty years ago.
$1 million American
on the head of Sahar
and the return of his nephew.
If he's behind Sahar's death,
then perhaps he already
has the boy?
GIBBS:
Hey, McGee.
I got a new name for you.
All right, fire away.
What do you got?
First name is Hassan.
Last name is Sayegh.
Hassan Sayegh.
Libyan gangster?
Ziva, hey, you know him?I know ofhim.
Many people do,
and not for good reason.
BISHOP:
Uh, Gibbs,
what about him?
GIBBS:
He may be the one
who's after Phineas.
I got it!
The bus station video.
I couldn't get
the license plate,
but I got a clear shot
of the guy,
and facial recognition
gave us a name.
BISHOP:
Victor, the club owner?
Ziva, let's go.
Uh, yeah, Gibbs,
I'm coming, too.No, you're not.
You're staying here.
You get Victor's photo to TSA.
McGee, you tell Torres to
meet us at Victor's club.
On it.
And why couldn't you go?
Because Gibbs knows
that I'd kill him.
Try again, Joe.
Where's Victor?!GIBBS:
Let him up.
What's up with you
and my neck, man?
What's with Victor?
Where is he?
I swear, I don't know.
No one knows anything
around here.
I know Victor don't pay me
enough for this amount of abuse.
It could get a lot worse.
Victor lies. Okay?
He lies a lot.
He lie about knowing the kid?Yeah, yeah, he knew the kid.
He was always sucking up to
Sahar, giving her little gifts.
Trying to get closer
to both of them.
Gift, like a pendant?What pendant?
GPS. Did he give her one?
Damned if I know.
He was checking some app
on his phone a whole lot.
You know, between all the calls.
What calls?Again, I don't know.
But he made a bunch of 'em
after you left.
When did he leave?
A couple hours ago.
Still checking his phone
and talking smack.
What kind of smack?
About how rich he was gonna get.
Told us to hold down the club
while he went out
and scored a cool mil.
The Libyan gangster,
how much did he say?
A million.Libyan gangster?
The one who might have
Phineas by now.
BISHOP:
I can't believe this guy
lied to our faces
again and again.
And the moment he heard
Sahar was dead,
he got on the phone
with Hassan to make a deal.
Boss, hey, just letting you know
we have found
no outgoing flights to any
Middle Eastern countries
tonight.
But we've alerted TSA at every
airport just the same.
GIBBS:
Okay, McGee. Thanks.
You hear that?
What?
Yes. Sorry, I was just,
uh, thinking.
Yeah? Thinking about what?
Well, a lot of things,
but, uh, mainly how...
things come full circle.
I killed Ari to save you.
You killed Sahar to save me.
It's hard to believe that...
it's all coming to an end.
That when we find this boy,
I will be... free.
Huh. That true?
You don't seem so free to me.
Well, I've been preoccupied
with things I have to...
I think it's something else.
All these years,
you've had one goal:
to reunite with your family.
You put that off for me?Well...
You know damn well
I don't need the help.
All right, you got me, Gibbs.
There is another reason that
I'm still trying to figure out.
I have spent years
looking over my shoulder.
You know, like a combat vet.
Trying to return to
some sense of normal.
As a mother,
as a partner.
But can I?
Sure, you can.
No, I'm not so sure.
My anxiety did not die
with Sahar.
What if I'm...
too damaged...
to go back to who I was?
DiNozzo knows you're coming,
right?
Well, that's another issue.
Yes, I called him,
and I left him a message.
But, um, as of now,
I have yet to hear from...[phone chimes]
What is it?
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God. It's...
it's Tali.
[chuckling]
It's Tali. It's...
[chuckles]
Look at her.
Wow.
Oh, she's so...
she's so big
and she's so beautiful.
I guess Tony didn't feel safe
enough to send it up until now.
I love you, Ima.
We miss you.
I love you, too.
[chuckling]
Ziva,
look at me.
Yeah.
You're ready.
[chuckling]
[phone rings]
Yeah, McGee.
Boss, someone just booked
two tickets to Montreal,
with a connection
to Cairo from there.
Someone?Passports show a father and son,
but the seats were paid for
with a company credit card
from Victor's club.
Flight leaves Oakton
Regional Airport in 30 minutes.
GIBBS: Alert TSA.[phone rings]
We're close to Oakton.
BISHOP:
We'll meet you there.
Yes? Uh, oh, thanks for getting
back to me so quickly.
Hey, Jack, let's go.You coming?
Um, I can't.
I got to take this.
Just go.
Go get him.
Thanks for holding.
The reason I called...
PHINEAS:
Where are you taking me?
Just going
on a great adventure, kid.
Be grateful.
Your uncle might even pull you
into the family business.
My uncle lives in Philly.
Not your real uncle Hassan.
He's gonna meet you in Cairo
and then take you
to a cool place called Libya.
I'm not going to Libya!
Hey.
[chuckles]
Hey, buddy.
[quietly]:
Now, what did I say before?
You make a scene,
you do something stupid,
I will kill you right here,
little man.
You feel me?
Okay.
[chuckles loudly]
Sorry.
[chuckles]
You got here fast.
Where to?
Where are they?
Where's international TSA?Through there.
Will you and your son
be visiting Cairo for long...
Mr. Halabi?
Uh, Halabi, yes.
A couple weeks, maybe.
Have you been
to Cairo before?
He's a little shy.
All that "stranger danger"
I teach him.
Mm-hmm.
Okay then.
Why don't we have you
go on through the X-ray.
Off you go, buddy.Sir, hold right here.
Sorry.Take off your bag.
Go ahead.
[beeping]
Come on back.
Anything
in your pockets?
Any change?
You wearing a belt?
Scan, please.
[scanner whining]Mm.
Where the hell
did that come from?
What do you mean, Dad?
You told me to hold it for you.
[snapping fingers]
NCIS.
Where's the flight to Montreal?She's okay.
We're looking for a father
and son traveling together.
Phineas!
Jethro Gibbs!
[chuckling]:
Hey.
Oh, got you. We got you.
Ow, you're crushing my ribs.
You okay?
You're okay.
Did he hurt you?He tried to.
But I stopped him.Wait, what do you mean? How?
Rule nine: always carry a knife.
Just like you told me.[chuckles]
Oh, you really messed up,
Victor.Hey, hey, hey. Just keep
your hands to yourself.
My lawyer's already on his way.
Is that true?No.
We haven't
called anyone.
Another lie, huh?Go to hell.
What's this?
That's for your boss.
So your boss can find me.
Find you for what?
For this.Whoa, whoa!
Hey, hey, hey. No, no, no.
He's not worth it.
VICTOR:
Yeah, Apple Pie
to the rescue, huh?
[chuckles mockingly]
Not to you, anyway.
[grunts, groans]
I was just so mad,
Jethro Gibbs,
and scared.
I didn't know what to do
or where else to go.
I know.
We all feel
like that sometimes.
You had a good reason.
[sighs]
I shouldn't have asked.
You know, to move in with you.
You and me, Phin,
we've been through a lot.
And I don't want to make you
any promise I can't keep.
You made it a long way
on your own.
I mean, the-the bike and the bus
and Philly.
[both chuckle]
Still think
your, uh...
your aunt lives in Philly?
I was hoping.
I was with Aunt Micki
and Uncle George
since before I can remember.
Until they didn't want me
anymore.
Wait, wait, wait.
Who told you that?
Mom did.
Hey, Phin.
Maybe she only
told you that
so you wouldn't
miss them so much.
It didn't work.
I think about them every time
Mom got mad or had to go away.
I was hoping,
once they heard what happened
and if I promised to be good,
they might take me back.
Oh, I have a feeling they would.
Aunt Micki?
Phineas. Honey.[chuckles]:
There he is.
[chuckles]
Oh!
Are you okay?
Are you all right?
You know
there hasn't been
a moment
that we haven't missed you.
But Mom said...
No. She was mistaken,
sweetheart.
We've prayed every day
for this day.[chuckles]
You got so big, Phin.
You, too, Uncle George.
[laughs]
Come on. Bring it in.
[chuckles]Oh. [grunts]
[quietly]:
How did you find them?
[whispers]:
Miracles happen.
Daddy says come visit,
Uncle Tim,
so I can meet my cousins
and play.
[chuckles]Cute kid.
Cute? She's adorable.
Delilah's never
been to Paris.I have,
if you need any help
with the twins.
I am just saying.
Daddy says come visit,
Uncle Tim...
Gibbs says great things
about you, Jack Sloane.
And from what you accomplished
today...
Hey, it's days like these
that make the bad days
worthwhile, right?
You can say that again.
Thank you for taking care
of his heart.
Ah.
We take care of each other's.
You take good care of yours.
Mm-hmm. And thank you for
arranging my flight so quickly,
Director.
Tell Ducky
that I will call him
when I am settled.
Will do.
Godspeed, Agent David.
Old habits. Ziva.
Take care.
You, too.
JIMMY:
Let's go.
Your chariot awaits.
A ride to the airport?
Now, that is a real friend.
Oh, I'm charging her.
[both chuckle]
Bonne chance, légende.
Ah, très gentil,
mon amie Kasie.
Oh.
Merci,I think.
[both chuckle]
Agent Torres,
come over here, please.
If my child ever went missing,
God forbid, you'd be the person
I'd want searching.
Well, thanks.
My only regret is that
we never had that rematch.
Ah. I was hoping for that, too.
Since you let me win.
Aha!
Hello?
Didn't I tell everyone?
I let her win.
Had to get him started, huh?
[quietly]:
Tell her how you feel, you wuss.
[chuckles]
Hey, tell Tony
I'm waiting for my video.
Oh, I'm sure
he'll send it to you.
And, Agent Bishop,
if I may,
you have not filled my shoes--
you have overgrown them.
Hmm.
Odette...
will be ready when you are.
A handshake.Mm-hmm.
Ah.
I will miss you most of all,
Scarecrow.
Wizard of Oz.
Tony would be so proud.
See you soon.
I'll see you very soon, Dorothy.
Mm-hmm.[chuckles softly]
Can't be late. Let's go.
Oh, good.
I thought I
missed you.[chuckles]
Well, I know you hate goodbyes.
I trust Phineas is okay?
Yeah.
He'll be fine.
I don't know what to say.
Nothing to say.
You're ready.
I am ready.
[whispers]:
We're always here for you.
Don't make us come looking.
[clicks tongue]
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
and TOYOTA.
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org